Requirements-Build1.0.1.md, before:

## Requirements for Build 1.0.1 of VSEPR Venture

**Client Requirements:**
- Update exsisting VSEPR Rules
  - Number of Electrons needs to be added to the figure
  - Lewis Structures for the elements for more clairty for the user.
- Randomizing Levels for improved gameplay  
- Optional: 
  - Mentioned possibly changing the game from a 2D scroller to 3D
  - Possibility of implementing Chemical Polarity
  
**Game Requirements:**
- Feedback for the player when they correctly or incorrectly submit an answer.
- VSEPR Guide to guide the player in the right direction
  - Should only be implemented in the first couple levels to give the player a reference on what needs to be done
  - Leaves to push the player to use the game as a learning tool rather than a testing tool
- Roughly 6 levels and then the games goes into a "Test Mode", increasing greatly in diffculty to let the player test their knowledge of the VSEPR Theory.

  
**Non-functional Requirements:**
- Update all User Interface within the game
-

Commit message:

updated non-functional requirements and game requirements

Requirements-Build1.0.1.md, after:

## Requirements for Build 1.0.1 of VSEPR Venture

**Client Requirements:**
- Update exsisting VSEPR Rules
  - Number of Electrons needs to be added to the figure
  - Lewis Structures for the elements for more clairty for the user
- Randomizing Levels for improved gameplay  
- Optional: 
  - Mentioned possibly changing the game from a 2D scroller to 3D
  - Possibility of implementing Chemical Polarity
  
**Game Requirements:**
- Feedback for the player when they correctly or incorrectly submit an answer
- VSEPR Guide to guide the player in the right direction
  - Should only be implemented in the first couple levels to give the player a reference on what needs to be done
  - Leaves to push the player to use the game as a learning tool rather than a testing tool
- Roughly 6 levels and then the games goes into a "Test Mode", increasing greatly in diffculty to let the player test their knowledge of the VSEPR Theory.
- Add names of the structures to the UI when solving so the player has the name to reference

  
**Non-functional Requirements:**
- Update all User Interface within the game
- Export to Desktop and Web to expand use of the game
